docs(rest): add `variableNameIn` criterion to hist var inst query (#1157)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/reference/rest/history/variable-instance/get-variable-instance-query-count.md

    <td>variableName</td>
    <td>Filter by variable name.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>variableNameIn</td>

>     <td>Only include historic variable instances which belong to one of the passed and comma-separated variable names.</td>

Reviewer: This could be phrased in a more straight forward way in my opinion. The other descriptions in our docs seem - for me at least - a bit easier to understand:

> A comma-separated list of variable names. Allows restricting the list of requested variables to the variable names in the list.

>     <td>Only include historic variable instances which belong to one of the passed and comma-separated variable names.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
    <td>A comma-separated list of variable names. Allows restricting the list of requested variables to the variable names in the list.</td>
```
